docs update (#65)
miku-gg/miku: docs/src/guides/run-local.md

Next, you will be prompted for the environment variables

> * `OPENAI_API_KEY`, the password for Aphrodite/Whichever OAI endpoint you're using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `OPENAI_ENDPOINT`, the OAI-like endpoint (Aphrodite/Ooba/Tabby)
* `OPENAI_KEY`, the password for the OAI-like endpoint (Aphrodite/Ooba/Tabby)
```
